When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.

https://github.com/eversolea/CS450/tree/master/Week3

2. What was the most difficult part of this assignment?

Solving all the class specific errors was by far the most difficult part of this assignment. I was never able to get the 2nd and 3rd datasets to work, because of an "EOL while scanning literal" error. I was able to solve all the other errors though: including the dataframe to numpydarray conversion, and a whole slew of other errors.

3. Briefly describe your process for handling non-numeric data.

It goes through all the columns in the dataframe and indepndently orders each column numerically starting from 0.

4. Briefly describe your process for missing data.

I replace all ? symbols with NaN. I would do that with empty spots as well. 

5. Describe your results for the Car Evaluation dataset.

So I did a lot of experimintation with this dataset! Behold:

Experimentation:

k=3         : .903
k=3 new seed: .8877
k=12        : .875
k=30        : .8666

I noticed that the more neighbors the kNN algorithm used, the less accurate it became. Looks like 3 is the golden number. Also through a new seed for the training and testing set generation method. Looks like it is around the same Accuracy as the other seed.



6. Describe your results for the Pima Indian dataset.

I would love too! I wish I could get this one working so bad. But as unforuntate enough as it is, I was not get this one working because of the infamous synatax error: "EOL while scanning string literal"

7. Describe your results for the Automobile MPG dataset.

I would love too for this dataset as well! I wish I could get this one working so bad. But as unforuntate enough as it is, I was not get this one working because of the infamous synatax error: "EOL while scanning string literal"

8. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.

I did quite a bit of experimentation, including changing the random seed. 

9. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


10. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I think I should get a low D on this assignment. I met all the requirements except Basic experimentaiton on the required data sets because I didn't experiment with the last 2 datasets, just the first one (due to the errors I couldn't fix in getting the kNN algorithm to work with those datasets). I had alogirthms written in to handle missing data and non-numeric data though.

